Cass Vendor Credential data scrubbing 
Process to verify and map client provided vendor credentials to Cass account information for upload into the Cass Vendor Credential Management application 

At the launch of a new project, Cass will provide Premier with the following information 
a. Client Information
i. Client Name, Client No and project delivery date
ii. Client USPS mailing address (Cass PO Box)
iii. Client Vendor Credential email address (vcXXXXXX@cassinfo.com)
iv. Project delivery date will not be sooner than 10 business days
b. Client Site Cross Reference File (SEXXXXXX) – Cass built
i. This file includes the following data points:
1. Vendor ID
2. Vendor Name
3. Account Number
c. Client Vendor Credential file (Client Credentials)– Client built
i. This file may include the following (client provided files will vary on information provided)
1. Vendor Account Number
2. Vendor Web Address
3. User Name
4. User Email
5. User Password
6. Security Question(s)
For each Vendor Credential Project, the following verification requirements should be completed (details on each requirement outlined below)
* Verification of a working vendor credential
* An inventory of the account numbers associated with each vendor credential
* Attempt to add any Cass accounts for that vendor from site cross reference file not included on any other login provided 
* Removal of auto-pay
* Removal of any electronic billing, paperless billing
* Update the billing address to the Cass PO Box for the client
1. Verification of a working vendor credential
a. Using the login provided by the client, attempt to access the account
b. Take note if login screen is different than provided, update URL on upload template
c. If login is valid, proceed to the next verification requirement
d. If login is invalid, keep track so a comprehensive list of invalid credentials can be provided back to the client to resolve
2. Inventory of accounts associated with the valid vendor credential 
a. Using the Site Cross Reference file provided, map the account number listed in the vendor portal to the Cass Account Number. Use what data points are available from the vendor to make the match (ie: vendor names, meter numbers, service addresses, etc). Log the corresponding Cass Account Number on the VCM Import Template with the verified vendor credential.
b. When mapping, account numbers should match with 100% accuracy, but Vendor Names can match approximately as vendor names can vary from the client provided data and the Site Cross Reference (ie: vendor acronyms, missing “city of” prefix) 
c. If the account number listed on the Site Cross Reference file is marked as closed on vendor portal, mark the account as “inactive” on the Site Cross Reference file 
d. If you find an account number not listed on the Site Cross Reference File, add a line and mark the account as “add” on the Site Cross Reference file. Provide the vendor’s name, account number and service address. Cass will complete the rest of the data points for these newly discovered accounts.
3. Attempt to add any accounts not registered
a. For any Cass Account Numbers listed on the Site Cross Reference file that cannot be found on a verified vendor credential, attempt to add the account(s) to one of the verified vendor credentials
b. For different vendors, this may be the “manage accounts” or “add account” feature
c. If an account can be added using information from the Site Cross Reference file, log that entry on the VCM Import Template
d. If the account cannot be added because you are missing one or more pieces of information, bypass the account
4. Removal of auto-pay
a. For all verified accounts previously loaded by Cass (not any newly discovered accounts), remove the payment default of “auto-pay” or “automatic payments”
b. If the vendor requires a request to be submitted outside the system to complete, bypass this step
5. Removal of electronic billing/paperless billing
a. For all verified accounts previously loaded by Cass (not any newly discovered accounts), remove paperless billing and revert to paper billed invoices
b. If the vendor requires a request to be submitted outside the system, bypass this step
6. Update billing address 
a. For all verified accounts previously loaded by Cass (not any newly discovered accounts), change the billing address to the Cass PO Box provided. The address is unique by client, do not use same PO Box for all clients/projects
b. Be sure to include the MS # as provided 
c. Once updated, log out / log back in to verify address update was changed
d. If the vendor requires a request to be submitted outside the system, bypass this step
Deliverables
1. A completed Vendor Credential upload file and confirmation of upload
2. A modified Site Cross Reference file with designated “add” or “inactive” accounts 
3. A modified Client Vendor Credential file with indications of which credentials do not work
VCM Import Template Directions (columns) – there should be one line per Cass Account Number / Vendor combination. 
a. Action should always equal “AddCred”
b. CredentialId SKIP 
c. PrimaryVendorCode should be pulled from “Vendor Code” on the SEXXXXXX file. 
d. VendorName should be pulled from “Vendor Name” field on the SEXXXXXX file once the Vendor Code has been identified
e. ShipperNumber is the same as Client No and should be populated from what is provided by Cass
f. ClientName should be populated from what is provided by Cass 
g. UserName should be listed as the verified username for that specific Vendor / account number combination
h. Password should be listed as the verified password for that specific Vendor / account number combination
i. PortalURL enter the verified vendor website as text and not a hyperlink 
j. ExpirationDate SKIP
k. CredentialAccountID SKIP
l. AccountNumber this should be the matched and verified Cass account number pulled from the SEXXXXXX file.
m. PhoneNumber SKIP
n. TaxId SKIP
o. PIN include if provided by the client and verified via vendor website
p. ForRPA SKIP
q. ZipCode SKIP
r. AccountName SKIP
s. LastInvoiceDownloadDate SKIP
t. SecQuestion1 (if applicable) list what has been provided by the client and verified 
u. SecAnswer1 (if applicable) list what has been provided by the client and verified 
v. SecQuestion2 (if applicable) list what has been provided by the client and verified 
w. SecAnswer2 (if applicable) list what has been provided by the client and verified 
x. SecQuestion3 (if applicable) list what has been provided by the client and verified 
y. SecAnswer3 (if applicable) list what has been provided by the client and verified 
z. Notes SKIP
aa. Password Update Allowed always list TRUE
bb. Registered Email (column ab) this should be the email associated with the verified vendor credential 
